added feedback (#69)
kg-construct/rml-lv: spec/section/views.md

| Property        | Domain                           | Range                       |
|-----------------|----------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| `rml:viewOn`    | `rml:LogicalView`                | `rml:AbstractLogicalSource` |
| `rml:field`     | `rml:LogicalView` or `rml:Field` | `rml:Field`                 |
| `rml:leftJoin`  | `rml:LogicalView`                | `rml:LogicalViewJoin`       |
| `rml:innerJoin` | `rml:LogicalView`                | `rml:LogicalViewJoin`       |

### Logical view iterator {#logicalviewiterator}

The <a data-cite="RML-Core##dfn-iterator">logical iterator</a> of a [=logical view=] produces a <dfn>logical view iteration sequence</dfn>, i.e. an ordered sequence of sets of key-value pairs.
Each set of key-value pairs represents a <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-iteration">logical iteration</a> of the [=logical view=], called a <dfn>logical view iteration</dfn>.

> Each key in a [=logical view iteration sequence=] is a string and each value is a [=record=] or a positive integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each key in a [=logical view iteration sequence=] is a string and each value is a [=record=] or a non-negative integer.
```

A <dfn>record</dfn> is either an [=iterable record=] or an [=expression record=].

An <dfn>iterable record</dfn> is a <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-iteration">logical iteration</a>, i.e. an item on which expressions can be evaluated.

An <dfn>expression record</dfn> is one element of an <a data-cite="RML-Core#https://kg-construct.github.io/rml-core/spec/docs/#dfn-expression-evaluation-result">expression evaluation result</a>.

A <dfn>record key</dfn> has a [=record=] as value. 
Each [=record key=] is accompanied with an [=index key=].

> An <dfn>index key</dfn> has a positive integer as value, indicating the zero-based position of the corresponding record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An <dfn>index key</dfn> has a non-negative integer as value, indicating the zero-based position of the corresponding record.
```

</aside>

<aside class="note">
Note that this tabular representation of the [=logical view iteration sequence=] is just one possible way of representing a [=logical view iteration sequence=].

> The underlined keys represent [=referenceable keys=].

Reviewer: I notice that the example representations of the logical view iteration sequence is still containing non-referenceable keys (<it> and keys of iterable fields). If we agree to show only the referenceable keys (which is probably better to avoid confusion), we still need to correct the examples.
